adds installation instructions (#44)
hpi-swa-teaching/ChangesBrowser: README.md

# ChangesReloaded [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/HPI-SWA-Teaching/ChangesBrowser.svg?branch=team09)](https://travis-ci.org/HPI-SWA-Teaching/ChangesBrowser)

> ChangesReloaded is a project developed in context of SWT 2020 based on the Changes Browser project from 2017. It is supposed to simplify the old tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ChangesReloaded is a project developed in context of SWT 2020 based on the ChangesBrowser project from 2017. It is supposed to simplify the old tool.
```

## Installation
In order to use our tool, you have to install it in your squeak image. Our preferred way is to use squeak's Git Browser.

### Git Browser

> - Open the Git Browser in your squeak image (<kbd>Tools</kbd> → <kbd>Git Browser</kbd> or <kbd>Apps</kbd> → <kbd>Git Browser</kbd>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open the Git Browser in your Squeak image (<kbd>Tools</kbd> → <kbd>Git Browser</kbd> or <kbd>Apps</kbd> → <kbd>Git Browser</kbd>).
```

- Right click on `-- Projects --` and choose <kbd>Clone project</kbd>.

> - Copy and paste the git URL of this project (https://github.com/hpi-swa-teaching/ChangesBrowser.git) and click <kbd>Accept</kbd>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copy and paste the Git URL of this project (https://github.com/hpi-swa-teaching/ChangesBrowser.git) and click <kbd>Accept</kbd>.
```

> - Now choose the `origin/dev`-branch in the branch overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now choose the `origin/dev` branch in the branch overview.
```

- Right click on the latest commit on top of the list and choose <kbd>Checkout objects</kbd>.

> - For later updates, you can just pull the new version from the Git Repository. To do that, select the `dev`-branch and click the button <kbd>Pull</kbd>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For later updates, you can just pull the new version from the Git Repository. To do that, select the `dev` branch and click the button <kbd>Pull</kbd>.
```

# ChangesReloaded [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/HPI-SWA-Teaching/ChangesBrowser.svg?branch=team09)](https://travis-ci.org/HPI-SWA-Teaching/ChangesBrowser)

ChangesReloaded is a project developed in context of SWT 2020 based on the Changes Browser project from 2017. It is supposed to simplify the old tool.

## Installation
In order to use our tool, you have to install it in your squeak image. You can either do that by using the Git Browser or by using Monticello.

### Git Browser

> - Open the Git Browser in your squeak image (`Tools>Git Browser` or `Apps>Git Browser`).

Reviewer: For telling users where to click, we could use the cool <kbd>button feature</kbd> of GitHub-flavored Markdown (as well as Unicode Arrows →):

```suggestion
- Open the Git Browser in your squeak image (<kbd>Tools</kbd> → <kbd>Git Browser</kbd> or <kbd>Apps</kbd> → <kbd>Git Browser</kbd>).
```

Here's how it would look:
- Open the Git Browser in your squeak image (<kbd>Tools</kbd> → <kbd>Git Browser</kbd> or <kbd>Apps</kbd> → <kbd>Git Browser</kbd>).

- Right click on `-- Projects --` and choose `Clone project`.

> - Copy and paste the URL of the project on GitHub (https://github.com/hpi-swa-teaching/ChangesBrowser.git) and click "Accept".

Reviewer: Button it! 😄
```suggestion
- Copy and paste the git URL of this project (https://github.com/hpi-swa-teaching/ChangesBrowser.git) and click <kbd>Accept</kbd>.
```

How it would look:
- Copy and paste the git URL of this project (https://github.com/hpi-swa-teaching/ChangesBrowser.git) and click <kbd>Accept</kbd>.

- Now choose the `origin/dev`-branch in the branch overview.

> - Right click on the latest commit on top of the list and choose `Checkout objects`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Right click on the latest commit on top of the list and choose <kbd>Checkout objects</kbd>.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For later updates, you can just pull the new version from the Git Repository. To do that, select the `dev`-branch and click the button `Pull`.
- Once the new version was downloaded, right click the latest commit and choose `Checkout objects`.
```

### Monticello

> - Execute the following code in a Workspace (`Tools>Workspace`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Execute the following code in a Workspace (<kbd>Tools</kbd> → <kbd>Workspace</kbd>)
```

> ```

Reviewer: We could use the following to get Smalltalk highlighting in GitHub:
```suggestion
```smalltalk
```

Metacello new
    baseline: 'Changes';
    repository: 'github://hpi-swa-teaching/ChangesBrowser:dev/packages';
    load.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

### Usage
```

> After you installed the tool through one of those options you have to execute `CRBrowser open` in a Workspace in order to work with it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you installed the tool through one of those options you have to execute `CRBrowser open` in a Workspace in order to work with it. Alternatively, you can open it from the `CHBrowser` with the button `Switch to simple view`.
```

ChangesReloaded is a project developed in context of SWT 2020 based on the Changes Browser project from 2017. It is supposed to simplify the old tool.

## Installation

> In order to use our tool, you have to install it in your squeak image. Our preferred way is to use squeak's Git Browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use our tool, you have to install it in your squeak image. Our preferred way is to use Squeak's GitBrowser.
```

Author: well. no. if you wanted to change this you had to change it everywhere. everywhere else it is "squeak image" and "Git Browser"
